[Autogenerated] All right, so last clip in this series of cloudfront clips,
this one's gonna be short and sweet,
but I just wanted to show you some of the restrictions we can put in place.
So what I can do here is Aiken set a geo restriction
based on a few different things.
We can white list locations from a list provided or
weaken blacklist from a list provided.
So if you want a black less from, say, Albania,
you can add that to the black list and then any requests from that
origin country or that source country will get denied struggle and
remove this because I don't want a blacklist anyone.
But this is how you can quickly deny any request to
cloudfront based on the country of origin.
So I'm gonna go ahead and cancel out.
I just wanted to quickly show you how you conducive that toe
block your content from different countries.
Now,
one last thing I wanted to show you is you can view your origin
access identities within this cloudfront dashboard so I can go
ahead and edit this if I want.
But really, all I can do is give it a new comment and I have it blurred out.
It also provides an I D,
which is what is used for that restricting viewer access to s three.
So that bucket policy that allowed our cloudfront domain distribution
to go ahead and access objects in the back end.
It's translating to this canticle I d.
Right here.
And that's how that works.
Now that'll go ahead and do it.
Like I said, it was a short and sweet clip,
but I just wanted to show you a few of the tidbits that
are kind of hidden within Cloudfront. So let's go ahead and wrap here and then move on to Route 53.